ISSUES:

mrX is showing on the map almost every round it seems.

Seems like sometimes when a player makes a move with a train or bus, mrX still gets a taxi ticket from them not a train or bus.

Game crashes when mrX makes a single move (sometimes) but not when he makes a double.

When no AI is chosen, mrXs move is skipped apart from the first round.

When mrX has no train, bus or taxi tickets but DOES have a secret ticket it should not crash but it currently does.



IDEAS:

Learn choke points or important locations on the map.

Use lowest priority tickets first. E.g use taxi instead of bus if possible.

Take into consideration the detectives tickets.

Use double moves on round before reveal rounds. //Isn't it on the reveal round, so it reveals first, then jumps to unknown location.

If we look 3 moves ahead and each player has on average about 5 possible moves then theres 125 possible combinations of moves for all 5 players in just 3 rounds. (5 * 5^3).

I guess our aim is to keep mrX as far as possible from all of the detectives?

If a players distance is further than a certain amount then we should ignore them beacause if we are just trying to get as far away from everyone as possible then
we will just end up in a corner.

We could also not ignore them but just say that the further away a distance is, the less it contributes to the score of the move. If a move puts you from
20 spaces away down to 18 then its no big deal. If you are very close to a player then moving away from them is a big priority and a move moving away from
them would get more points.

btw just thought, mrX cant make a pass move but he could just double move back to his position.



TO DO:

Fix issues with main game.

Finish mrXScore function which will basically score mrXs current position.

Learn how to use factories to begin to implement the minimax algorithm.

Then implement minimax that looks however many moves ahead and returns the best move based on the scoring system.

Then implement alpha-beta pruning that prunes the minimax tree.